cli v1.10 release notes (#1830)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.10.0

Release date: February 2, 2023

> ### New User Commands to Manage Users Across your Organization and Workspaces
> 
> This release includes 7 new commands to help Admins manage users:
> 
> - `astro organization user invite` (Previously `astro user invite`)
> - `astro organization user update`
> - `astro organization user list`
> - `astro workspace user add`
> - `astro workspace user update`
> - `astro workspace user list`
> - `astro workspace user remove`
> 
> Please note that `astro user invite` still exists in this release but will be deprecated in future releases.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New commands to manage Astro users

Astro CLI 1.10 includes several new commands to help you manage users across your Organization:

- `astro organization user invite`: Invite a new user to your Astronomer Organization. 
- `astro organization user update`: Update a user's Organization role.
- `astro organization user list`: List all users in your Organization.
- `astro workspace user add`: Add a user to a Workspace.
- `astro workspace user update`: Update a user's role in a Workspace.
- `astro workspace user list`: List all users in a Workspace.
- `astro workspace user remove`: Remove a user from a Workspace.

:::info

`astro organization user invite` is identical to the existing `astro user invite` command. `astro user invite` will be deprecated in a future release.

:::

For more information, see the [`astro organization`](cli/astro-organization.md) and [`astro workspace`](cli/astro-organization.md) command references.

```

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.10.0

Release date: February 2, 2023

### New commands to manage Astro users

> Astro CLI 1.10 includes several new commands to help you manage users across your Organization:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help you manage users in your Organization, Astro CLI 1.10.0 includes the following new commands :
```

> To help you manage users in your Organization, Astro CLI 1.10.0 includes the following new commands :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you manage users in your Organization, Astro CLI 1.10.0 includes the following new commands:
```

- `astro organization user invite`: Invite a new user to your Astronomer Organization. 
- `astro organization user update`: Update a user's Organization role.
- `astro organization user list`: List all users in your Organization.
- `astro workspace user add`: Add a user to a Workspace.
- `astro workspace user update`: Update a user's role in a Workspace.
- `astro workspace user list`: List all users in a Workspace.
- `astro workspace user remove`: Remove a user from a Workspace.

:::info

`astro organization user invite` is identical to the existing `astro user invite` command. `astro user invite` will be deprecated in a future release.

:::

> For more information, see the [`astro organization`](cli/astro-organization.md) and [`astro workspace`](cli/astro-organization.md) command references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [`astro organization`](cli/astro-organization.md) and [`astro workspace`](cli/astro-workspace.md) command references.
```
